---
title: "WeeklyReport9162022"
date: 2022-09-16T15:27:39-04:00
draft: false
---

This week we talked about content management and our group applied it to our group, specifically we began assigning tasks and jobs to one another. We figured that because each person’s job requires different tasks to be done it would be likely that each person would have their own workflow and there will be different times of the week where one person may be more busy while another person may not be as busy. So within our workflow we decided that there would be four main roles and some tasks we would do as a whole group. Like Whitman is our technology lead who is in charge of publishing everything at the end of the week and making technical  edits to ensure it all runs properly. He will also work with anyone in the group who has technical issues and also give us a technical timeline based on the difficulty of the  tasks at hand based on coding difficulty etc. Gin is the communications admin where she  will make sure weekly communication is being done and that we are on task enough to meet due dates. She is also in charge of keeping everyone updated in case of an absence or misunderstanding, she will reach out to help with any misunderstandings with assignments and get us back on track, as well as general communications. Kusmira is the creative lead of the group, she will import images for the assignment and make sure everything on the site remains presentable and user friendly. She will also give a timeframe for the group in terms of making everything look good and how long it will take to get necessary resources for the site. Mathea is the research/editor, like Kusmira she will give information about timeframes for assignments based on the necessary resources needed. She will also research information and images needed to assist the creative lead. On the editing side she will make sure spelling and grammar are correct and up to the expectations for that assignment. All group members will make sure to keep everyone informed about what they are working on and make sure that the correct person gets the information needed to complete the tasks within the set timeframe.
All this shows we understadn the work flows because it is a lot of communication and understanding that each person has their own dedicated roles that plays into how the whole group functions and how tasks get done. As well as we have an understanding that because of these different roles that each person will have adiffernt schedule, like timeline for assignment is more of an early on task versus publications and submissions come later on.
