---
title: "Gin's Tinkering With Hugo 9.14.22"
date: 2022-09-14T20:59:39-04:00
draft: false
---

Group 4’s  project ‘tinkering with Hugo’ is a client that runs an online sports newsletter/newspaper.  The client was asking that we write a post giving the details regarding specific sporting events for weekly/monthly updates.  The event of times, dates, type of sport and location would be given to the project manager.  The project manager will then assign specific people to each type of sport for writing articles.  Each writer will also receive a timeline by Excel spreadsheet.  This will have calendar information, names of player and their numbers, coaches’ names, and any other critical information.  Each writer will complete their article by the indicated time frame, submit it to the editor for proofing approval, then return the completed assignment back to the manager after all revisions are complete.  Once the project manager has received and approved the article according to the client’s specifications, the article is then sent to printing. At this point, printing manager will note the publishing date and could add in the specifications of publishDate and expiryDate.  Both of which will have approval from the client first.  The article is then sent to the information technology (IT) department to complete the process for programming/uploading to the website.  
Using additional software packages to assist with completing a client’s job is vital for communication and staying on task.  Each business will find software that fits their needs and staffing size.  But for our project today, we decided on using Excel since all office computers are already equipped with it.  It also has many different ways to organize books, files, pages, and time frames built into the program already.  As the company grows, they may need a more detailed planning style software.
Our Hugo features that we added to our assigned task is the publishDate and expiryDate.  The publishDate will allow the IT department to assign a future date and time for the website to display the article.  This will allow the client to know that even on a weekend, the article can be published online with out having to have someone work that weekend to upload it.  The expiryDate will give the client the choice of moving a specific sport’s yearly articles to an archive file or to delete after a specific period.  This will give client the option of maintaining years of data on the server or delete if there is not adequate storage space on the server.
