---
title: "Mathea Tinker 10 19 22"
date: 2022-10-19T16:18:39-04:00
draft: false
---

Today we were supposed to look into the theme files in hugo and mess with them to see relationships between the content and the themes. So i went into the files for the themes and first noticed that it was split into a lot of parts. Our site had two themes, the original we dont use anymore and the beautifulhugo theme which is the one our site uses. Each one had similar stuff in it, like the components of the site were the same, such as header, footer, error page, terms, socials. adn they all had imilar info like how a font should be, or what layout to use, or even what icon to use for social media sites and a long list of them. I think I also stumbled upon a page for how emojis should look because it mentioned images and ther were like some emoji names i recognized like pride flag and poop emoji are two that I rememeber seeing (there were so many I dont know why those are the only two that come to mind). I also made the connection in class that the files looked similar to the inspect element but i didnt understand enogh of the techie lingo to actually change anything. I thought it would eb fin to see how changing an emoji or color would look but genuienly couldnt figure out how to do it through the theme files, which is fine because if we wanted to change our site color or change the font we could do it through github without messing with those codes within the files. I think I appreciate though how there are multiples ways to make changes to the site, like going into the files and finding what specific part to change of there is something specific in mind, or jut downloading a whole new theme adn splapping cool things otgether into a folder for hugo to figure out. It like gives the option to get deep into it and really personalize a site, or just stick to the basics for those who are not as tech savvy or just dont need something fancy. 
