---
title: "MatheaPersonalReportModule3"
date: 2022-09-11T23:17:10-04:00
draft: false
---

This week it felt like we covered two different I can statements but I feel like on Friday in class we more focused on self guided learning and finding resource. On Friday as group we worked to create guidelines for what we think would be good quality work this semester as well as we really focused on what our goals were for our website for the semester. Part of that was deligating who got what role in the group and how that role would play out during the semester, like we decided it would be best for Whitman to be our tech guide as he seems to know the most about programming out of all of us and he is the one who set up the Hugo repositories. He is also the one that helped fix the website when it "broke" last week because a file was uploaded without a title. We also decided that I would be in charge of research for our group. My task entails that I can find reference material for our group so we have a general idea of what we want the site to look like as well as how it should be layed out, and even function. I will also look into finding material to reference for prices and images to use so that we can look like a real company and even compare to competators in the field. So since we are looking at being a fictional moving company I would look up local moving compaies to see what they offer and then submit that information to the group. We all figured out our task and even talked about potential problems we could run into this semester and how we would go about solving it. So if there is a computer issue or website issue we would turn to Whitman first. If we need references or images that would be my area, group communication and such would be up to Gin and Kusmira would be in charge of making sure everything looks correct, and is proofread etc. We each have a main role to play in the assignment and when something goes wrong or if there is an issue of some kind, we know who to turn to and how to guide ourselves through a problem.
